---
title: ἄρον ἄρον
---

One of the most beautiful periods of my life, was that of discovering _electronic music_. 
Or rather discovering that all music is electronic; discovering sound as a transformable component to music.

I passed from all phases of personal exploration really fast:
from playing with arpeggios delays and filter, the _trans_ of techno music, Aphex Twin, Autechre and Jlin, and
listening resonating sounds of mechanical components in the Metro, Delya Derbischyre and Pierre Schaffer.

My first synthesizer was the Korg Monotron and I think is the most exciting thing I have yet played.
Another one was a Nintendo DS, borrowed by a friend which had the Korg DS-10 in it, which was maybe the initial motivation for this project.

__ἄρον ἄρον__ literally means in a hurry. I wasn't sure if should have started posting songs or not but then I remembered the idea of bootstrapping.
Once I started a pattern emerge which had a relevant uniqueness:
Processed everyday photos, phone recordings, sound samples from the internet, sampled expensive instruments, phone synthesizer apps and an ephemeral blog style posting of non perfectly produced sounds.

As the voice in my triptych song [cave](https://soundcloud.com/aron_aron/cave) says:
"We've been coming here for 20 years or so and we still don't understand all of what's happening. 
We are learning as we go and it's tiring and frustrating and we are there for a long time maybe 10 hours maybe 12 hours;
and then we go back to the lab and there is months of work to do. 
But we have to make that in order to make sense of what we've seen here."

I claim that my project is to electronic dance music, what impressionism was to representational art - but in a more banal form.
If you want to listen to it you can find this project [here](https://soundcloud.com/aron_aron/).